<!-- DOCTOC SKIP -->

# Agenda for 02/22/17

## What We Did
+ Started work on:
    + `toki-method-proxy`
    + `toki-method-http`
    + `bunnybus v2.0.0`
+ Wrapped up:
    + `toki-core` including most docs

## What We're Doing
+ Starting `toki-discussion` on Github to contain notes (like this one)
+ Moving to a working group model:
    + Keep discussions, meetings, charts, etc written down and public
    + Feel free to grab work and do your best to keep the status of that work public and up to date
        + Update issues/tickets often
        + Keep work on the remote in branches, even if it's WIP/ugly/broken/etc
        + If you have a brilliant idea or solution, make sure to share it to the discussion repo
    + Use good OSS etiquette - Open PRs instead of just merging, ask other contributors when unsure or making large changes, etc
+ In line with the above, we're deprecating this meeting. Summaries will be posted to an email group twice a week (days/process tbd) to the toki group. Concerns, questions, etc should occur on repos themselves, in slack, or to the group themselves (eg, in written, preservable form)
+ Finishing:
    + `toki-method-proxy`
    + `toki-method-http`
+ Starting the process of getting a QA build of toki

## Concerns
+ Does a move from a meeting to updates work for everyone?
+ Are there clear items to work on?
+ 1:1 Route Proxying (Passthrough Proxy) - Return payload is currently wrapped?
+ Map out/contractualize the method config and context

## Open Floor
